 Welcome to section 3 of Crucial Conversations. Next will be taught by Ron McMillan, another of the four researchers who developed Crucial Conversations. Ron will teach the third principle, make it safe. Before he does, let's revisit where we were in our Crucial Conversation.
 We've started with heart. We know what we really want from this conversation and are committed to behaving in ways that move us towards it. We've learned to look. We know how to watch ourselves and others for signs that safety is deteriorating. Safety, after all, is the condition that sustains difficult conversations. Now, we'll learn what to do when others are not feeling safe. Ron will teach the principle of make it safe and three skills that the best use to move quickly to rebuild safety
 when it's at risk.
 they step back into the content of the conversation. In this session, we'll look at how DialogSmart communicators are both honest with tough subjects and respectful in the way they communicate about those tough subjects. We'll explore how they make it safe to be heard and safe for others to share. The first question the DialogSmart asks when they see any form of silence or violence is,
 They realize that when people feel safe, they are more likely to stay in dialogue, and when people feel at risk, they move to their style and their stress, some form of silence or violence. Crucial conversations are emotionally risky. When you give someone tough feedback on their performance, or when you disclose a tender feeling, fear, hope or dream, or when you talk about an undiscussable, you risk being rejected, being fired, getting hit by a car,
 a negative response, being embarrassed, or one of countless other negative consequences. So why take the risk? Why ask others to risk? Because the dialogue smart, the best of the best communicators, are committed to number one, outstanding results. And number two, effective, healthy, and sometimes even loving relationships. Avoidance or attack will not deliver on both those purposes.
 I remember one time I'm a little embarrassed to recount it. I was hired by an organization to encourage risk-taking among employees. The theory was risk-taking creates innovation. So the question they were asking is how can we encourage more risk-taking among our own employees? What they meant by risk-taking is speaking up, getting your idea heard, pushing back when you didn't agree.
